update state query API doc with usage limitations (#2101)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/building-blocks/state-management/howto-state-query-api.md

Even though the state store is a key/value store, the `value` might be a JSON document with its own hierarchy, keys, and values.
The query API allows you to use those keys and values to retrive corresponding documents.

### Limitations
The state query API has the following limitations:

 - The API does not support querying of actor state stored in a state store. For that you need to use the query API for the specific database. See [querying actor state]({{< ref "state-management-overview.md#querying-actor-state" >}}).

>  - The API does not work with [encrypted state stores]({{<ref howto-encrypt-state>}}). The encryption is done in the dapr runtime, and the component stores already encrypted data, effectively disabling querying. 

Reviewer: Not really sure on this sentence. Is this what you are saying?
```suggestion
 - The API does not work with Dapr [encrypted state stores]({{<ref howto-encrypt-state>}}) capability. Since the encryption is done by the Dapr runtime and stored as encrypted data, then this effectively prevents server side querying. 
 
 
```

Reviewer: @dmitsh - I left a comment above
